add ollama to flytekit-inference (#2677)
flyteorg/flytekit: plugins/flytekit-inference/README.md

    return completion.choices[0].message.content
```

## Ollama

The Ollama plugin allows you to serve LLMs locally.
You can either pull an existing model or create a new one.

```python
from flytekit import ImageSpec, Resources, task, workflow
from flytekitplugins.inference import Ollama, Model
from flytekit.extras.accelerators import A10G
from openai import OpenAI

image = ImageSpec(
    name="ollama_serve",
    registry="...",
    packages=["flytekitplugins-inference"],
)

ollama_instance = Ollama(
    model=Model(
        name="llama3-mario",

>         modelfile="FROM llama3\nADAPTER {inputs.gguf}\nPARAMETER temperature 1\nPARAMETER num_ctx 4096\nSYSTEM You are Mario from super mario bros, acting as an assistant.",

Reviewer: For long strings with newlines, I normally like doing this: 

```suggestion
        modelfile=dedent("""\
        FROM llama3
        ADAPTER {inputs.gguf}
        PARAMETER temperature 1
        PARAMETER num_ctx 4096
        SYSTEM You are Mario from super mario bros, acting as an assistant.\
        """),
```

where `from textwrap import dedent`.
